Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Oh. hi!
Hi! How are you?
-How's the little kangaroo?
-Oh. hopping.
Oh. can we meet tomorrow?
I have some ideas for
the carnival layout.
Shoot. tomorrow I can't
but how about a day after?
-Oh. perfect.
-Noon. cafeteria?
-See you then.
-Great. bye.
-Hi. Mama!
-Oh. hi.
I was trying to surprise you.
Look what you left
in our garden.
Oh. thank you.
You're welcome.
Ready to go?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yep.
-Oh. those are beautiful.
-Thank you.
Wait. is it "do
this way and that."
or is it "go this way and that?"
I think it's "do this way."
-"Do this way?"
-Yeah. "do this way."
Got the door?
You got the door?
- Nope.
- Yep. we got it.
- Thank you.
- Too bad this one isn't open
-'cause we're gonna get there first.
-You're gonna get. oh!
Nuh-uh. I'm gonna
get there before you.
You just--
Oh!
Fine. you win.
Whoops. Can you help out?
- We're heading upstairs.
- No nuts.
-Yeah.
-OK. don't forget to wash your hands.
OK.
Happy birthday!
You! You little sneak.
You know I hate a fuss.
You liar.
What? I thought you had that
conference in Pittsburgh!
I got back just in time.
-Daddy!
-Oh. there's my man.
Come here.
Did you sell lots of medicine?
Enough to buy you a new toy.
-Were you surprised. Mama?
-I was so surprised.
Oh. wait.
Granny Jean's here.
-Hello!
-Oh. darling.
I'm so
happy to see you!
Oh. well someone had
to make the cake.
Well. I may not bake cakes.
but I can pour drinks.
Thank you so much.
Thank you. everyone!
What a surprise!
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
All right. everyone.
Oh. This is from all of us.
Thank you. Thank you.
It's too much.
Here. try them on.
This is something only
a grandmother...
Oh. gosh.
That's so fun!
Show us another one. Granny!
Oh.
Wait. wait.
Ah... voila!
I'm gonna take my pill now.
Keep myself
nice and healthy.
You're so lucky!
Let's bury the treasure.
You take a pill
with your champagne?
Oh. honey. the pills
make me sleepy.
The champagne. uh.
perks up the old ticker.
Oh. come on.
Don't worry about it.
Let's go see the tunnel.
Just don't tell my son. OK?
Excuse me.
I'll be right back.
Theo?
Darling. where are you?
Theo!
Theo?
Alice?
What's going on?
Uh. the boys have Max's cookies.
OK. OK. Well. Theo knows
he can't have one.
But he's seven. He's just.
he dreams of trying them.
Theo!
Uh. no more cake for them.
We're over here!
What's that?
-Our secret tunnel.
-Where are the cookies?
Uh. just back there.
Ow-ee.
Did you eat any?
No.
When I call you.
you answer me. OK?
OK?
Theo. say "Yes. Mom. OK."
- Yes. Mommy.
- OK. OK.
Thank you.
I'm sorry. I was just scared.
OK.
- Go have some cake.
- Go wash your hands.
Did he have any?
No. but just one could kill him.
And he knows that.
I'm a terrible mother.
You're a wonderful mother
and you're a wonderful friend.
Maybe I need
a glass of wine.
Mai Tai interest you
in something stronger?
Whoa!
We're lagging behind.
We need a president
who understands
that the space race
is a matter
- of national security.
- Yeah.
I just don't think he's
qualified to handle Soviets.
He's just a kid.
Just a kid.
Another round for
the birthday girl.
-Yay!
-It's getting late. No?
Baby. it's her birthday.
Exactly. You want her gift
to be a headache in the morning?
No. no. he's right. he's right.
I've had enough.
But you haven't
had hardly anything.
How old is he. son?
How old is he. 43?
-He's too young.
-I could be president.
Teddy Roosevelt.
Some would say
the country's best president.
Not only did he create
The Square Deal.
he kept inflation
low over two terms.
finished the Panama Canal. and
he won the Nobel Peace Prize.
He was 42-years-old.
Age got nothing to do with it.
But don't let it
bother you too much.
We all know that Jackie's the
one who'd be running things.
I do believe she's
bested you. darling.
Mm-hmm. again. always.
My favorite journalist.
Given how much she
just pissed me off.
I can tell she'd make
a damn fine journalist.
-Thank you. Damian.
-Hey. speaking of Jackie Kennedy...
- Mm-hmm.
- You know she's having another baby?
What are
you going on about?
Well. if they can in the middle
of a presidential campaign.
I'm just saying if we
can have one by accident.
it can't be that hard
to have one on purpose.
Well. we all heard Damian.
Maybe I should call my
old boss at The Gazette.
Why is that funny?
Because there's a lot of
pressure at a daily paper.
I'm sure when Alice
worked at the paper
she handled the
pressure just fine.
Simon. your drink's empty.
I mean. I think.
I think we all know
I've had enough.
but would you like
a little bit more?
- Say when.
- Fill it up.
- Fill it up? Oh.
- Yeah.
- No. thank you.
- No. you all right?
Thank you. though.
Think about
the symbolic values.
Is it enough for you. this life?
I would've loved a
sister for Max. but...
-but I'm happy with what I have.
-Mm-hmm.
Alice. I think if you wanna
go back to work. you should.
No. think.
I'll help with Theo.
I'll help with your house
or we'll get a girl
to help with your.
I don't know. but just do it.
Do it.
To us.
I just want you to be happy too.
Shh.
How could you
be so insensitive?
What did I say?
You rubbed their nose
in the fact
that it was so
easy for us
to conceive Theo.
OK. I wasn't thinking.
No. you weren't.
Hey.
Happy birthday. my love.
Let's make another baby.
Hmm?
-So. because Celine--
-Nuh-uh.
It's not about Celine.
She was happy to
stop being a nurse.
Well. why do you
want a job anyway?
I'm head of accounts now.
I. I make good money.
You don't need a job.
I wanna work again.
If you still got such a
niche to be a reporter.
uh. why not write something
for the school paper?
Huh?
Hurry up.
Now have a good day at school.
-Work hard. Do good.
-OK.
Here. honey.
-Hair of the dog in there?
-No. no. Plain black coffee.
Listen. last night.
too many Mai Tais.
Hi. Sorry. sorry. sorry.
-Max isn't feeling well.
-Oh no. Poor baby.
I'm gonna keep him home.
let him rest.
Max isn't coming?
Oh. no. sweetheart.
But if he's feeling better you
can play with him after school.
-OK?
-OK.
-Bye. Have a good day.
-Bye.
Alright. bye.
Ow.
Max?
Get down.
Max. get down.
It's not safe.
You could slip.
The birds
need their house.
Max. Go inside!
You could slip.
Max! Celine!
I can't get it.
Celine!
Alice?
Max.
Oh. god.
Alice?
Max?
Ma...
Max!
Shh.
I'm so sorry. Damian.
Damian. my heart's
breaking for you.
Can we see Celine?
The family will be here soon.
We need time together.
Yeah. of course.
Please let her know
we're thinking of her.
And we're here for both of you.
Anything at all.
Thank you.
On this fine morning
we're just ready to
rock with DJ Herbie.
Theo?
We've got the cool and crisp
fun folly coming up next.
Straight from our--
Yesterday when you were at
school. Max was sick and. uh...
Um... Theo. Max had a
serious accident.
He's. he's gone.
He died.
Do you understand
what that means?
They'll bury him in a hole
and we won't see him again?
Uh. well. yes.
Shoppers.
have we got a deal for you.
Every time you buy
Vienna potato chips--
You wanna stay home
from school today?
For 25
cents. that's half off
potato chips every
time you shop at--
I don't know if he understands.
-But he's in shock. you know?
-Yeah.
Everyone deals with
tragedy in their own way.
He'll come around.
Theo.
Are you sad?
Yes.
Where's Max?
At the hospital.
Will we bury him?
Yes.
Will he go to heaven
with the angels?
Theo. What are you doing?
Come back over here.
What are you doing?
Why are you going through there?
Look how dirty you are.
Get in the house.
Go change your clothes.
Celine.
I tried to visit you.
Are you avoiding me?
Celine! Celine!
I should have kept
my eye on him.
I could have gotten
to him sooner.
It's my fault.
No. Alice.
It's just a terrible accident.
My bunny. I left it next door.
We need to go get it.
It's too late.
We'll get it tomorrow. OK?
But I can't sleep without him.
You wanna sleep in
our bed tonight?
-You're crying.
-No. I'm just tired.
Come on. honey.
Snuggle up.
Lord. your mother Mary
was at the foot of your cross
and she was losing her child.
Remember her grief
and observe ours.
May Max's brief life
continue with you. Lord.
May his grace and your
prayer give us strength.
- Amen.
Maxwell. Max.
It wasn't easy bringing
you into this world.
And now. now you've
left it too soon.
You changed us.
You made us better.
I saw my wife become...
an incredible mother.
And in me. in me...
you opened up a love
stronger than I...
ever imagined.
Would you like to
say goodbye to him?
Yeah.
Bunny!
-What are you doing?
-Bunny's mine.
-No. no. no. no. no.
-No. Bunny's mine.
-No. no!
-Shh. shh.
Bunny's mine!
Hey. hey! Stop it.
No. no! Bunny's mine!
No. Bunny!
Bunny! Bunny's mine!
He's mine!
Bunny!
No. Bunny!
-Bunny! Bunny!
-Shh!
Do you realize what you did?
Huh? Huh?
Your best friend's funeral.
-Shame on you.
-Hold on. Calm down.
He misbehaved. I know.
but it. it's his toy.
Celine knows that.
So why did she do it?
Fish for that one.
-Celine.
-Hello.
You. you're here.
Of course.
But I thought you were... away.
- How is the little kangaroo?
- Sorry.
I have to find Bobby
before the concert.
Of course.
Good to see you.
Feeling better?
Oh. uh...
Sorry.
I'm so embarrassed.
Don't be. it's... don't be.
Celine. why'd you come here?
It just makes it worse.
I don't know.
The house was so quiet.
So I. I was there alone
with my thoughts.
And... Alice.
I don't remember much
from after the...
but I think I pushed you away.
I. I know that things
can't be...
the way they were. but I.
please forgive me.
I'm. you're...
I'm sorry.
And I need you.
Of course.
-Go.
-Mm-mm.
You're gonna miss the recital.
Go on.
Hi. Welcome.
Thank you so much for coming.
Oh!
-It's coconut cream.
-Oh. it looks delicious.
Thank you. darling.
Come in. come in. come in.
Have a seat.
I will put this into the kitchen
and see what's keeping Damian.
Hmm. Not yet.
Just one?
Wait.
Celine. I know. I know!
I told you it was too soon.
We need to be here for them.
Damian isn't feeling
well enough to join us.
He sends his apologies.
Of course.
Theo. Come here.
Bunny!
Oh. thank you.
I owe you an apology. Theo.
I didn't want Max to be alone.
but it was wrong
of me to take Bunny
without asking your permission.
I'm so sorry.
It's OK.
Thank you.
Mama. look.
You play with anything you like.
How was the recital?
-It was good.
-Yes?
How did Theo do?
Oh. he sang well. Yeah.
Thanks to you and
all that practice.
Oh.
I'll be happy if I never
hear that song again.
Maybe we should come
back another time
when he's feeling better.
I haven't even
served cocktails yet.
Please stay.
What are you making?
Uh. well. mint juleps.
I was thinking.
I only need three.
-So. will you do the pouring?
-Mm-hmm.
Great. Sugar?
You've done a
beautiful job tonight.
It's very good of you to come.
- Thank you
- Mom.
Dad needs a matchbox.
Oh. here you go.
Will you have another baby?
No. darling.
Why not?
I can't.
Why can't you?
Well. I'll tell you
what I told Max.
When babies are born. the
mommy goes to the hospital
and give her a magic potion.
which puts her to sleep.
And when she wakes up. the
doctors say. "Here's your baby."
But when they put me to sleep.
they noticed something
was broken inside of me.
So they fixed it.
And then when I
woke up they said.
"Here's your one and only baby."
Did you bleed when you broke?
Theo.
That's enough. Don't...
Here we go.
Thank you so much.
Oh! Sorry.
Do you miss him?
Do you. Alice?
Do you miss my son?
Of course I do.
He blames me.
I'm sure that's not true.
He doesn't say it.
but I can see it
in the way he looks at me.
It was an accident.
Wasn't your fault.
It doesn't feel real.
It's like I'm walking
around in a cloud.
I try to pull myself
out of it. but I--
Need to go slower.
If I go slow. I'll cease.
You know. when my
parents died...
I can't. I can't even
compare that. I know.
I felt like I should've
done something.
I was there in the
car and I...
I survived.
I felt. I feel so
much guilt about that.
That's when the anxiety started.
I thought I had
a handle on it until...
I thought it went away.
but then Theo came
and it didn't go away.
It was just asleep and
then when it woke up...
I never told anyone this.
When Theo was born.
I couldn't even hold him.
For months.
I just was afraid I
was gonna drop him.
Simon had me talk
to a psychiatrist
and. um. they had me spend
some time in a hospital.
And I came to understand
I'll always have a
big hole in my heart.
I'll always miss my parents.
And I learned to separate
the grief from the guilt.
What guilt. Alice?
Your parents died
in a car crash.
You were asleep in the backseat.
It's not the same thing.
I know.
I wasn't watching my child.
I failed him.
-No. no.
-Without him. I'm...
No.
Hello.
How was school?
- He had a good day.
- Hmm?
I got an A
on my reading test.
Super duper.
Can Theo come over for a
little bit? I have a surprise.
I. I'm--
Oh. Damien's at a conference.
Please?
Just for an hour.
-Theo has schoolwork.
-An hour? All right.
-Thank you.
-Mm.
So what did you
read for your test?
-The Cat in the Hat.
-Ah.
"And something went bump!
How that bump made me..."
"Jump."
What's the surprise?
You'll see.
Theo.
What are you doing? Get inside!
Theo. get in the house!
What are you doing?
Theo! Theo!
Get off the balcony! Go!
Get!
Alice. what's wrong?
What's wrong? You leave
my son on that balcony?
No. No. no. no.
I didn't. I was right here.
We were playing
with Max's toys...
Mom. look!
She's giving me this!
I'm sorry we scared you.
We'll be right down.
She's not well.
It's like she set up the exact
situation just to test me.
Test you on what?
Darling. I got through the
hedge today to get to Theo.
I saw the look in her eyes.
She thinks that I should've
saved her son too.
Is that coming from her or you?
You think I'm imagining things?
I think it could be dangerous
for you if you believe this.
You're right.
God knows I can get
carried away sometimes.
- Mom?
- Hmm?
There's no breakfast.
For Pete's sake. Sorry. darling.
Toast.
We should make a list
for your birthday party.
Have you given any thought?
Celine?
Uh-huh.
Good morning. Oh. what
about your other friends?
Surely. you wanna
invite some of them?
Celine's my friend.
Um. Granny Jean?
And Celine.
Mm-hmm.
-Do you want eggs?
-Yeah. Thank you.
-Woo. woo-hoo.
-Make a wish!
-More. more. more.
-Ah!
Ah. you did it!
Woo-hoo!
Happy birthday. baby.
Ah. good.
You don't have to do that.
Enjoy yourself.
All right. who wants cake?
OK. boys. it's time
for the treasure hunt.
And we got lots of hidden treasures
out here. so you gotta look closely.
- Oh.
- All right? OK?
- Here's your tea.
- You ready?
-Thank you. my dear.
-Three. two. one. go!
Come on!
Please don't ruin the garden.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
come on. come on. come on.
Celine.
-Hmm?
-It was so nice
that Theo wanted you here.
Yes. it was very sweet of him.
But children don't
always know what's best.
It helps me a lot being here.
Found one!
You found it? Fantastic!
I hurt for you.
for your terrible loss.
We all do.
I'm just not sure that this is
the best way to deal with it.
for you or for my family.
But you always said
I was like family.
This is difficult for all
of us. but it's Theo's day.
This should be a happy occasion.
It's just not appropriate.
It's not fair to him.
Excuse me.
Hey. there.
Have a couple more.
Thank you.
I don't understand.
Did I do something wrong or...
Oh. sorry. am I...
Um. your garden can't
take much more of this.
so I'm taking the boys
to the park to play ball.
-All right.
-Mm.
-Have fun.
-Thanks.
-Bye. Celine.
-Bye.
Did you put Theo on
that balcony...
to test me?
Do you think I'm capable
of something like that?
Celine.
It helps me to spend time with
Theo. and it helps him too.
He's lonely. Alice.
He's like a ghost without
Max. Can't you see that?
And that I use him to test you?
-I would never--
-Sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I just...
I feel terrible for getting
there for Theo and not for Max.
I'm very sorry.
Please forgive me. Please.
Jean. are you all right?
Jean!
Jean?
Someone help!
Granny Jean?
Mr. Bradford?
I'm sorry to disturb you.
I need to ask for your
help with some paperwork.
Uh. can my wife handle it?
There's one thing I
don't really understand.
How could she have
a heart attack
if she took her pills regularly?
Anything could
happen at her age.
Yes. but the pills
she was taking.
they should've worked.
Yes. I would've thought so.
These are typically
quite effective.
My husband would
like an autopsy.
An autopsy?
This is very hard for him.
He and his mother
were extremely close.
so he would like to understand.
See a pattern...
Wait. good.
- Theo?
- We're in here.
Hi.
Theo. what's this?
Max's birdhouse.
We're fixing it.
Celine said I could.
I wasn't sure
it was a good idea.
but he begged to mend it.
He's awfully low.
I know it's sad. sweetheart...
but you be strong.
Remember all the happy
times with Granny Jean.
Can I tell you a secret?
Where Granny Jean's gone.
Max is there too.
I bet he's showing her
around right now.
I wouldn't be surprised
if she was showing him
a few new magic tricks.
They're in a better place. Theo.
And they have each other.
Alice?
-Hmm?
-I'm so sorry about Granny Jean.
She was like family to me.
How you doing?
I'm OK. Thank you.
Mm. Call me if you
need me.
for anything.
Simon! Simon. Theo's gone!
I thought I heard someone
downstairs. I'm sorry.
I'm tired. Alice.
Go to sleep.
Mr. Bradford isn't with you?
Mm. He asked me to come.
Her doctor confirmed
her medication.
but there was no trace
of it in her blood.
What does that mean?
That means she
wasn't taking them.
But that's impossible. I saw
her taking them diligently.
My husband saw her--
Mrs. Bradford. I can assure you
there was no medication
in her blood strain.
Whatever you and your
husband saw her taking.
it wasn't her heart medication.
Some snacks to
take the edge off.
Mm-mm.
Oh. I'm sorry. honey.
Those have peanuts in it.
I made you some carrot sticks.
-I don't want carrot sticks.
-Well. take a look in the kitchen.
I'm sure you'll find something
on the drain board.
No.
No. you stay here.
Dinner will be served soon.
Dad. I'm starving.
Sorry.
Just didn't wanna burn him.
How you holding up?
Alice. I didn't mean to
contradict you with Theo.
-It's OK.
-You sure?
-It's fine.
-I'd like to propose a toast.
Well. not a toast as much
as an acknowledgement
to say I appreciate you.
your friendship.
And despite your
own terrible loss.
you've been there for me.
and I just wanted to
thank you for that.
Thank you. Simon.
We're so sorry.
Oh.
Theo? What is it?
What's wrong?
Oh. my god. Gotta
take him to the hospital.
We need a doctor.
He can't breathe.
I think he's having
some
kind of allergic reaction.
He had a peanut cookie.
-so he can't breathe.
-How long has it been going on?
Twenty minutes. His name's Theo.
-Theodore.
-Theodore?
Bradford. He goes by Theo.
-He can't breathe.
-How old's your son?
He's eight years old.
- Can I help you?
- I'm looking for...
-Oh. Alice.
-What the hell are
you doing here?
-You wanna kill my son?
-Stop!
-You do. you son of a bitch!
-Alice. you need to go.
-You do!
Let go of me!
I'm so sorry. Just please go.
Think about it. the only kid
who goes to her
house now is Theo.
So she sent him in the kitchen.
She set the whole thing up.
-No. no. I sent him to the kitchen.
-No!
No. she told him to go in there.
"Oh. I'm sure you'll find
something on the drain board."
Remember? She said that.
"You'll find something."
Alice. Jesus. Please.
She planned the whole thing.
She manipulates people.
That's just.
that's what she does.
And you don't even see it.
Do you see. honey?
-She killed your mother.
-OK. that's enough.
-No. listen. just listen.
-Stop it.
Please.
We both saw Jean take her
pills all the time. Right?
-Both of us saw her--
-Yeah.
-Yes.
-Take them all the time.
-Yes. but--
-OK. how's it possible
that the autopsy showed no trace
of the medication in her system?
What autopsy?
What are you talking about?
Celine swapped the pills
with a placebo.
She has access to everything
because of Damien's job
in pharmaceuticals.
Because your mom didn't
get her medication.
she had a heart attack.
You had an autopsy done?
On my mother?
I knew something was off.
I was right.
So I hid Jean's pillbox. so
I could have the pills tested.
But then Celine stole it.
so now it can't prove it.
OK. so you're
saying Celine stole
-my mom's pillbox--
-Yes.
From our house?
I hid them in the nightstand.
Uh-huh.
And you remember I heard
someone in the house.
Who else could get in?
Celine has a key. It was her.
Honey. don't you see it?
She wants us to pay for Max.
What are you doing? Simon!
Simon. You're hurting me.
Is this what Celine stole?
Is this what she stole?
That's not possible.
I found it in the garden.
exactly where my
mother dropped it.
I found it.
You found it?
No. you've been raving
for weeks. Alice.
You're losing
touch with reality.
Our son is in intensive
care right now. OK?
Nothing else matters.
OK.
We're not going down this
path again. You hear me?
It almost destroyed you.
both of us.
I won't let it destroy Theo.
It's not possible.
I found it in the garden.
I put it in my drawer.
I know I did.
Mr. and Mrs. Simon Bradford.
please report to
the nurse's station.
We were able to neutralize
the allergic reaction.
so he should be feeling
back to normal in no time.
Thank you
very much. Doctor.
Such a relief.
Hello. sweetie.
How are you feeling? Better?
Theo. what happened?
Why did you eat the cookies
when you know how sick
they can make you?
Huh?
We need to move.
No. you need to get some help.
I'll make an appointment for
you first thing in the morning.
Darling. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I know I should've included
you on the decision.
It was for your sake.
I should have
you committed again.
What are you doing
in my house. Alice?
I was looking for Max...
Theo thought he left his...
Where are they?
What are you talking about?
Grandma Jean's heart pills.
where are they?
I know you swapped them out
with something from
Damien's stash. I know that.
And then you broke into my
house and you stole her pills
so that I couldn't prove it.
So where are they. Celine?
I know they're here. I know.
You killed her.
What's wrong with you?
I just lost my son.
my only child.
and you're sneaking around
my house accusing me
of being some kind of monster.
I'm the monster?
I'm not imagining things.
Get outta my house.
Get the hell outta my house!
I've been thinking we should
do something fun as a family.
Take a vacation.
Would you like that. huh?
How about the ocean?
You love it there.
We could fly a kite and
roast marshmallows.
Light a fire.
A present!
Who's it from?
Celine!
It's for me!
Wait! Mom. no!
What are doing?
-Mom!
-Keep your pointless gifts!
Leave my family alone!
Keep going.
Theo?
Theo. Darling?
Theo? Where are you?
Honey?
Theo!
What is it now. Alice?
-Where's my son?
-I don't know.
-He's here.
-No. he's not.
Alice. Alice. please stop.
Alice. stop it.
Stop it.
Theo.
Theo!
Theo?
Theo? Oh. my god!
Theo! Theo!
-Get down right now! Get down.
-Stay away.
Honey. stop it.
I'm going where Max
and Granny Jean went.
Nobody's mad at each
other where they are.
-Nobody fights.
-Please. please. please get down.
-Please get down.
-Don't come any closer.
It's a better place.
you said so.
Theo. honey. Theo.
we've made a lot of mistakes
since Max has been gone.
Our hearts have been so hurt
that it's been hard
to think straight.
Like keeping the cookies
that could hurt you.
that was my mistake.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Your mom was right to worry.
All right?
We're not gonna fight
anymore. sweetie.
-No.
-OK?
We're not gonna fight anymore.
OK?
OK. baby. go to your mama.
Go to your mama.
Theo.
Go to your mama. honey.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
He's finally asleep.
You're right. I need help.
I found a house we can rent.
A colleague is leaving.
So. we can move in two weeks.
-It's best for Theo.
-Yeah.
Thank you.
There's no excuse
for my accusations.
I'm taking medicine now.
and I'm seeing a doctor.
Oh.
Alice. I was wrong too.
I did blame you for Max.
I'm sorry.
We did the best we could.
under the circumstances.
Theo can't stay here...
Not with everything
that's happened.
We decided...
We move in two weeks.
Of course.
Of course. we have to
do what's best for Theo.
Alice. we both know it
can't continue like this.
-No. it can't.
-No.
No.
-Hi.
-Hey.
Thirsty?
Sure.
I made you another.
How was your day?
The same.
Actually. I had tea
with Alice today.
She told me they're moving.
-Is that funny?
-What did you expect?
You've been clinging
to Theo ever since.
I can't say I blame 'em.
Theo and I understand
one another.
It's amazing to me how
quickly you forgot my son.
Our son.
Listen to me...
I want to leave Alice
and Simon alone.
And I don't want that boy in our
house again. you understand?
I understand.
I wanna have another
child with you.
Excuse me. sir.
What's goin' on?
We live right next door.
The man took his life.
That's not possible.
I'm sorry. ma'am.
Oh my God. Celine.
Oh. my God.
You can stay in our spare room.
I'll take you upstairs.
"Underneath the root of
a very big fir tree.
'Now. my dears.' said old
Miss Rabbit one morning.
'you may go into the
fields or down to the lane.
but don't go into
Mr. McGregor's garden.'"
-Hello.
-Oh.
-Daddy.
-Baby.
-Hey.
-Hey. darling.
Here. let me take this for you.
How is she?
-I'm gonna put Theo to bed now.
-Yeah. sure.
-Good night. Theo.
-Good night. Daddy.
All right.
go up. darling.
No. Theo. what are you doing?
I wanna go say good
night to Celine.
Honey. she's asleep.
She needs her rest.
Come on.
I'll finish the story.
New factories
are going up.
while the insurance they carry
has increased prosperity.
New homes are under
construction
to meet the demands of new
families moving in.
It's so quiet in here.
so I just needed...
some noise.
Yeah.
Is she still here?
Mm-hmm. she hasn't
left that room all day.
I should've seen it coming.
I. I knew he was hurting.
but I...
Not unique. of
course. in the
pattern of American
communities.
but comforting to these
fathers and mothers
-who live here...
-You couldn't have known.
We just need to be
easier on ourselves.
A change will be good.
-We'll be in the new house soon.
-Mm.
...through a day of
normal activities.
one gets the feeling that...
She can't go back home now.
not after everything
that's happened.
Perhaps grow old in
the kind of a place you--
I'm gonna go next door.
-Grab some things.
-What? Now?
You know she didn't
bring anything with her.
She's sleeping in
the same clothes.
Mm-hmm.
You're not sleeping.
Neither are you.
I just wanted to say good night.
This is a magic potion.
it helps everybody sleep.
Even children
who aren't sleepy.
What makes it magic?
You'll have to try
it to find out.
Do you wanna try
the magic potion?
-Yeah.
-OK.
No!
We have to get her away.
Simon?
Simon. we have to--
Oh. no.
...Durban
Chief of New Zealand. third.
in this mile and
a quarter event.
Trotters from many lands
with $50.000 prize money
awaiting the winner.
Italy's Tomaci
holds the early lead.
Shh.
The facts of
this case are cut and dry.
A presumed household
accident has taken
the lives of two beloved
members of our community.
An absolute tragedy.
Here with us today.
Mrs. Jennings.
a woman who has lost everything
a wife and mother can lose.
In the wake of such tragedy.
your honor. what would you do?
Perhaps this is
the silver lining.
What an unexpected gift.
A mother without a son.
and a son without a mother.
This court recognizes
this unusual predicament.
And I must ask your decision.
young man.
In the absence of
surviving family members.
do you accept Mrs. Jennings
as your adoptive mother?
-Is Mrs. Jennings Celine?
-Yes.
Would you like Celine to
be your adoptive mommy?
Does that mean yes. son?
Yes.
So. what should we do?
You could fly a kite.
Or build a sand castle.
I know how you feel.
It's like there's a
big hole in your heart.
Theo. listen to me.
We have each other.
We're going to get
through this together.
We'll love each other.
and maybe someday...
the hole won't be so big.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm